---
title: Hello, world!
date: 2022-11-25
---

Hello there! 

It's been a very long time since I originally built this website with the sole purpose of having my publications in a single place. While doing so, I also found it was quite easy to add the necessary code to generate blog posts (like the one you're looking at now). So, _after all, why not, why shouldn't I_? To the surprise of anybody, I haven't written anything in the 4 years this site has been up --- even though I really wanted to! 

Now, the reasons for not having written anything in 4 years despite really wanting to are probably unsurprising: sometimes I feel I have nothing interesting to say. Other times when I find something interesting that I think I could write about, my immediate reaction is to think "why anybody would want to read about this". Sometimes I feel the effort needed to write something meaningful isn't really worth it. Sometimes I'm just tired and I rather zoom out and binge-watch a TV show or play a videogame than write a long existential blob. You know, all the bits in the procrastinator's army knife. 

But one day (yesterday actually), I stumbled upon [TinyProjects](https://tinyprojects.dev/), a small website full of fun week-long projects. Along with that, Ben (the author) also writes daily posts as a sort of journal. After seeing some of his posts, I fell in love with the idea of writing shorter, more frequent, and more open-ended posts. So that's what I will try, too. 

But how often should I write before this becomes a chore? Daily is perhaps too much of a commitment, but monthly is definitely too little. Something between these two sounds reasonable, but I'd like to have a more concrete (however arbitrary) timescale to start feeling I'm getting behind. So here's one: this website's [source code](https://github.com/agustinmista/website) is built and deployed by a GitHub Action. Its code is generated by [Hakyll](https://jaspervdj.be/hakyll/). Hakyll depends on [Pandoc](https://pandoc.org/) to translate Markdown into HTML. Pandoc takes some 40 minutes to build inside my GitHub Action, and it would be shameful to waste 40+ minutes of CI time building Hakyll+Pandoc for every new silly post I create. Of course, my CI action uses a cache to keep everything hot'n'ready. But there's a [limit](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/caching-dependencies-to-speed-up-workflows#usage-limits-and-eviction-policy) to that: GitHub caches action's dependencies for only 7 days. 

So that's my target, to write stuff often to keep alive my website's CI cache :) 

/A
